waste have been one for centuries by men
women other other as a fashion statement
or two compartment for hair loss or to
create a new appearance which are easy
to put on Oh need to do is make sure it
is placed evenly and that any hair is
distributed on the hat and a cover to
completely you need to prepare these
things first hairbrush hairband both
panes wig cap and big brush now you can
apply away step one remove earrings and
to brush out your own hair to remove
nodes and tangles stop to pin up your
hair if you have as long as that worried
the hair into two pieces and taste
curled into pieces behind your head and
keep them across the top this is an easy
way to even your hair out on your head
without a huge ponytail bulge shorter
hair constantly be combed and clipped to
the crown of the head or placed into a
bomb at the base of your neck you could
also operator hair before applying awake
step 3 pin up any bands if you have rage
was that fridge and you cannot get wake
up you may find it helpful whereas mujer
then to keep her from soon under awake
elastic ones are the best to use because
they are more comfortable and hourly
smaller step 4 put on wake up put all
strands of hair that are other tight the
battle front of a hat
under the cow creating new service even
if you are both use a wake up it will
help keep the way home step 5 foot wake
I had from front to back there are two
tabs on each front of the wig position
is right in front of the years don't
worry if it doesn't look perfect right
way go ahead anas now it into place the
way you'd like it to look stop-sex pin
the side of the way to the wake up unto
a hair brush wig again on your hat see
that's done over here is also some tips
first dopant and over and put awake are
upside down you risk damaging and an
astounding you've already done to it
second if you are putting away I'm for
the first time along enough time to
attack the way before you need to live
for your party third you can make a wake
up out of regular women's names further
if you are wearing a lot of makeup with
a way put on the makeup before the way
otherwise it not that on wed or the way
could get in way of putting the makeup
on ok more best ways you could find a
bat least bestbuy com stands for
watching